by carrying the fan with your hand
left with your root in your hand relax
in a natural way the whole body
2 carry the moon in your arms and carry
the fan putting it vertically to
chest front squeeze in
the left palm the palm should be
shoulder height
3 The weeping willow is moved by the wind
arm should pass over the shoulder
until the front of the abdomen breathe
quietly
4 dusting facing the wind
the movements must be extended
with the breath concentrated down
5 add fuel to the fire attack towards
forward with the root of the fan put
the left hand on the right wrist and
push hard 6 the old fisher
with the cane the trunk must be maintained
extended and should not be tilted
too much nor take out the glutes when opening
the fan down
the fan should be in front of the
right knee
7 close the fan with mounting step
the horse the movements should be
fluid and coordinated
8 turn the body hitting the tiger the
right arm should pass in front of the
body open the fan down to the
turn the body
9 the Magic Dragon rotates the head
hand goes from the front of the face to the
front of the abdomen in a curve
move the arms and legs the
waist should serve as axis
10 cross the feet and open the fan on
left foot should be tilted between the
one and two out the other foot
it should be straightened a bit
11 push the boat downstream
bring the fan to the front of the abdomen
push the fan forward
perform the arch step and push the
fan simultaneously 12 move in
ascending circles the fan between the
right and left should brandish
the fan which is attached to the body
fan should be moved in the form of
vertical circle
13 hug the fan in horse step
the arms should form a circle at
front of the body the fan should be
30 centimeters from the body should not be
tilt the fan
14 the white crane unfolds its wings
the fan must be above the
head must turn the wrist and lower
the fan to be in front of the
chest
15 the wind carries the lotus leaf
side of the handset with the
fan should be up when turning
the body and take out the fan the body
must rotate with the movement of the fan
16 spring landscape on earth the
trunk should lean slightly towards
go ahead and turn a little towards the
right
17 crossed step in front and open the
fan step of crossing to the right to
Lower body weight should be opened
the fan simultaneously
18 close throw the fan and receive it
with the head of the fan in his hand
join the left foot to the right foot
straighten the body hang the arms
naturally